(docs) Update links to O3 developer documentation in README (#96)
openmrs/openmrs-esm-template-app: README.md

# OpenMRS ESM Template App

This repository provides a starting point for creating your own Frontend module. Check out documention on

> [Creating a Frontend Module](https://openmrs.atlassian.net/wiki/x/rIIBCQ).

Author: How is this @denniskigen

# OpenMRS ESM Template App

This repository provides a starting point for creating your own

> [OpenMRS Microfrontend](https://openmrs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/projects/pages/26936899).

Reviewer: This link doesn't take me to the right place.

Author: @denniskigen what part of the documentation should it lead to?
Is it this https://openmrs.atlassian.net/wiki/x/rIIBCQ

Reviewer: Yes

For more information, please see the
[OpenMRS Frontend Developer Documentation](https://openmrs.atlassian.net/wiki/x/IABBHg).

> In particular, the [Setup](https://openmrs.atlassian.net/wiki/x/PIIBCQ) section can help you get started developing microfrontends in general. The [Creating a microfrontend](https://openmrs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/docs/pages/151093932) section provides information about how to use this repository to create your own microfrontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, the [Setup](https://openmrs.atlassian.net/wiki/x/PIIBCQ) section can help you get started developing microfrontends in general. The [Creating a microfrontend](https://openmrs.atlassian.net/wiki/x/rIIBCQ) section provides information about how to use this repository to create your own microfrontend.
```
